docs(Fx132): HTTP/2 Server Push is now deactivated by default in most major browsers (#36149)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/http_2/index.md

**HTTP/2** is a major revision of the [HTTP network protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP).

The primary goals for HTTP/2 are to reduce {{glossary("latency")}} and head-of-line blocking by enabling full request and response multiplexing, minimize protocol overhead via efficient compression of HTTP header fields (HPACK), and support for request prioritization.

HTTP/2 also introduced a mechanism called Server Push, which allowed a server to send resources to a client in anticipation that the client would need them very soon.

> Server Push proved tricky to implement in practice, and has been removed from most major browser engines, with methods such as [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) and {{HTTPStatus("103", "103 Early hints")}} as alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server Push proved tricky to implement in practice, and has been removed from most major browser engines.
It has been replaced by alternative methods such as [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) and {{HTTPStatus("103", "103 Early hints")}}
```

**HTTP/2** is a major revision of the [HTTP network protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP).

The primary goals for HTTP/2 are to reduce {{glossary("latency")}} and head-of-line blocking by enabling full request and response multiplexing, minimize protocol overhead via efficient compression of HTTP header fields (HPACK), and support for request prioritization.

HTTP/2 also introduced a mechanism called Server Push, which allowed a server to send resources to a client in anticipation that the client would need them very soon.
Server Push proved tricky to implement in practice, and has been removed from most major browser engines.

> It has been replaced by alternative methods such as [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) and {{HTTPStatus("103", "103 Early hints")}}

Author: ```suggestion
It has been replaced by alternative methods such as [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) and {{HTTPStatus("103", "103 Early hints")}}.
```
